Madam, I was wrong.
Madam, I was also deceived by them.
Madam, Mr. Shen. I will never be Taishan.
Madam Mr. Shen. I was wrong.
The reason why I went to work in the company as an intern.
I just want to see the truest meaning of the company.
Now that my goal has been achieved, I look at the supervisor again,
Management companies like Li Jingli exist.
Those who work really hard will never see hope.
Instead, it’s these, eighth sister,
OK OK. Will live better.
From now on, everyone is welcome to make brief disclosures.
I also often go to the grassroots level of the company
Then you don’t have time to accompany me?
you were fired
I have also worked for Shen Zhi Company for so many years
I have done a lot of line management
I have a car that I brought with me, where should I return it?
How can you use it better than me?
You don't cooperate with the members of the National People's Congress and ask questions
Being brought with me by my biological parents
Not sure about mental abilities
Use the black bow and follow me to complete Xu Yi
When I'm free
He will make money in the future
The Divine Master Group is what it is today
Everything is eternal credit
Just remember this opportunity today
I want to give it to my wife Ye Qingyuan
I want to bring the entire spiritual master group
Second, I have found Yuan Yuan
Parents who were trending abroad at that time
I was invited to be our officiants
Although you misunderstood
I just want to see how I fall